= Capital Requirements For MSPs

The capital required to fund the pool is distributed across the MSPs
reducing the capital risks for any individual
MSP. Each miner's payout is pre-funded by a syndicate member. The
terms and fees are agreed upon between the two parties and the
syndicate does not impose any requirements on these terms.

== Match Making

One miner thus chooses an MSP that funds their payout contract. This
match making between MSP and miner happens out of band (mailing lists, forums,
OTC, nostr, etc.) between the two parties.

Each MSP funds payout contracts for a set of miners. Therefore the
capital requirement for each MSP is related to the hashrate the miners
bring to the pool. The Radpool syndicate has no view on the DLC
contracts between the MSP and the miner. Radpool's miner dashboard
provides a view in to the balance and allows the contracts to be
extended, or the miner can get into a contract with another MSP.

== Incentives to Grow The Syndicate

When a new member joins a syndicate, the existing members will see
reduced earnings because the block reward is now distributed between
more miners and the fees are also distributed across more syndicate
members. The syndicate however is still incentivized to include a new
MSPs as a larger syndicate will be able to manage payouts for larger
number of miners. **A larger set of miners thus reduce variance even
further and increase the aggregate earning for the pool**. This
flywheel effect is important for any syndicate to try and achieve and
thus expanding the size of the syndicate is important for increased
profits for the entire syndicate.

image::syndicate-pie.png["Syndicate - growing the pie"]
